Add websockets and update API (#347)
exonum/exonum-doc: src/glossary.md

- [Private APIs](#private-api) allow configuring the service locally.

> External entities such as [light clients](#light-client) can access endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External entities such as [light clients](#light-client) can communicate with node
```

via REST API and WebSockets. The configuration for REST API and WebSockets is
specified in the service.

> 

Reviewer: There are two categories of endpoints. 1. Pre-defined on core level. E.g. (`/explorer/v1/transactions`, `system/v1/health etc. BY THE WAY WebSocket at this level as well) 2. Custom endpoints which configure on a service level by developer of the service. E.g. (`/service/cryptocurrency/v1/wallets`).
